Hey guys welcome back.
OK so it has been a while.
I admit it.
I apologize.
But I'm finally back and ready to do an updates on where the Instagram account is.
Honestly it's been probably three weeks since the last one maybe a month.
Now the reason why is just because I was traveling for a while now I'm back in the U.S. I'm in Austin
Texas and I just didn't really want to deal with it for a period of time which is something that you
guys probably will want to do too.
You probably won't want to have to work on your own screen every single day.
So I said I probably worked maybe 30 minutes a week on it maybe an hour a week.
Really just checking in on some things.
Replying to comments.
Working with the software as I was using for finding people to follow and unfollow and it's kind of
just wanted to let it run and see where it would end up.
So checking back in Rheticus or eleven thousand two hundred followers 362 posts.
So 362 is close to the goal that I was shooting for something like maybe 300 or 400 videos and it did
before videos plus one quote video.
So I'm getting there and the idea is I'm going to make all this content and then just start recycling
it from the beginning because at this point no one has seen what's happened.
When part of posting in the first couple of days.
So I can literally just start over from the beginning and go through it and you know if I see lower
engagement rates and all I'll restart this engine up again but for the most part I not really.
I've just been pretty picky about what I've been posting so right now I have nothing and captions the
whole bunch just kind of sitting and video people are working on them.
They're kind of doing it at their own pace.
It's not really a huge kind of a time crunch right now.
Kintz we have 77 that are essentially ready for being posted and we've posted two hundred and thirty.
The RE might be slightly out of date but we still have plenty to go.
Probably another month of posts and then once this is all done it's probably another five week six weeks
like that so then we'll start recycling them and see how they go.
Well that's going to do right now is I've actually started having one of the person who is kind of the
project manager she's been looking at other people's accounts and finding interesting gadgets that performed
well.
Now the idea is just because I started noticing this is that the posts that are the most gadgety seem
to do the best.
So if it's like here's a plane that can land on water.
And this one look at the insides did decently well like I got seven followers just from a post.
That's not bad considering you know post seven times a day six times a day.
Now if you look at other ones that are a little too brainy or just maybe too I don't know science eat
specific things you can't really see that well.
You only got one follow from that one and you can see that the distribution has changed quite a bit.
Now this is one thing you have to keep mine.
Instagram changes all the time.
They constantly change.
So I decided to make this course during a period of time where they are changing nonstop.
And so about a week ago they updated their algorithm so it's changed a lot.
And you know everybody is writing their blogs about what's happened.
Basically they're kind of doing the same thing that Facebook did back when Facebook decided to kill
Facebook pages not kill them or make them way less effective.
So Instagram is basically trying to make it such that you only see your friends and family and they're
really starting to kind of focus on that.
So it's getting harder for businesses to run but it's still everything seems to be fine it's just that
I'm posting more for fewer followers.
And so it's going to be kind of an adjustment period before everybody figures out what works and then
more adapted and kind of change to notice some of my posts to see if I can find one like this one could
just flopped for whatever reason just 10 post.
And I don't know if that was just a technical glitch or what but I only noticed that with the new algorithm
just occasionally like one out of five videos which is nothing good will come of it.
So that's what I'm starting to do have something to focus on changing my source says he's using spring
lines to find a lot of these.
I'm looking at other people's accounts and seeing what's really gadgety and robot and matches the themes
of what's worked before and then I'm kind of just taking those and then using the caption people to
go and investigate those and then make them into our type of video.
Yes that's kind of a slight change in content strategy.
See Other than that let's see how the growth has been since I last checked in.
OK so over the last month it looks like we started at eighty five hundred.
And then law wornout at 11 to 42 so that means that screening probably on average something around like
20 to 80 a day.
So if you look at the table version here in Konno square you kind of see each day outworked 165 is a
day I think I was working with another account to do a promotion 5:29 and 572.
I did another promotion with one of those big accounts.
I think it was finest inventions and just I just knowing that that's every time I use them it's like
I think I paid them $150 and it got me a little over a thousand.
So that's probably not a great deal.
As you can see that's why I kind of discontinued it a little bit but so this week was fine.
And then the next week you'll notice that we actually started to slow down.
We actually had a day where we lost some and now this has actually to do with a bug in the software
I was using for a follow on follow.
Now one of the things I have spent a little bit of time over the last three weeks on is working on my
zombie strategy.
So I started using Jarvi And if you guys want to know more about that office look at the part of the
course where we talk about Jarvi And it's when we start talking with the zombie strategy basically it's
probably one of the more advanced software is out there.
So the way that I use it because I'm using a Mac this is also the way I suggest you use it because you
want it to be on a server and running 24/7.
I can't put this on my laptop because I can't have this open on the Wi-Fi 24/7 I need to use it to move
with it.
So I have it on a server and I think I only pay at first I was paying like eight dollars a month or
something for the server.
And now I'm probably paying like $20.
I didn't really even need to pay $20.
I just was getting frustrated how slow it was when I was trying to click through things.
So these are the social profiles that we've started building out.
They are all pretty simple for the most part.
As you can see phone invalidations is another thing and them updated and now it's happening is I have
to do phone validation with these kind of repeatedly.
So we're trying to figure out what exactly is causing this.
But as you can see we have all of these kind of around science gadget themes like oh my innovation newest
attack Oh my technology all the way down to futuristic ideas futuristic tech ideas.
Robots are here.
Things like that.
OK so we can look at one of the newer accounts we've made.
So if it's this phone validation actually won't show up until you validate it again which I've been
using burner as my phone number to do that.
So it's a crazy ass track.
OK so that was crazy tech because I have 96 followers.
I think this account was only like maybe 4 days old something like that and they've all been using the
same settings for following and for posting.
Now part of the problem is that what they've been doing is they've only been posting as you can see
posts from the main account innovation stations.
The idea was just that we would just broadcast the same posts and then added more hash tags to them
so that we'd get more coverage.
But what's happening is that it just makes it a little too obvious for Instagram to notice that this
is probably related to the main account and that's why they've been doing these phone validation checks
and it's just been kind of annoying.
So it's no big deal.
What will will eventually figure it out I just don't get a lot of time into it.
But you can see that some of the older ones are still doing pretty well despite the fact that they keep
turning on and off on and off on and off like newest and tech has 6800 followers.
Oh my God.
Technology 7800 this one nine you know 900.
This one has 4000.
But remember that was the one that started at 3000 So it's really only about a thousand real ones.
So yeah these are all doing fine.
Just some bumps in the road obviously.
What I think we'll have a little start doing is making it such that these accounts post intermittently
from the main account and then grab posts from other people's accounts that are in the same theme but
also are performing well or are popular.
So let's look for tech for tomorrow and you see they'll have a follow box going to the settings I've
been using for following weight between a hundred twenty nine hundred eighty seconds.
It's kind of standard for me followed between four and eight people for operation with the delay between
30 and 60.
Now you have them skipping non-English users users of only going for people with profile images only
people who are posted in the last 90 days.
These are kind of basic things you just want to make sure that they're not dead accounts or zombie accounts
themselves.
So what I had was follow limits and the idea was I think I had them starting off something insanely
small like a hundred a day 120 a day and then ramping up until it reaches a certain amount.
So this one's slightly off.
I should just say follow 150 to 200.
Now the reason why is because you have to warm these up like when you first start them you cannot just
immediately start following people and liking people you really have to look like an actual user and
actually it would not be that crazy about it.
They also sleep around the same time I could randomize these roles if I wanted to and that might be
one way of making sickroom stop checking in on them constantly.
But for the most part this does seem to work while it's working.
See I've been doing.
Obviously each one has the unfollow bot running.
That's relatively simple.
Just make sure that they all involve more than they follow.
So at the end of the day I don't have these accounts that are falling thousands and thousands of people.
Of course this isn't terribly important for the zombie accounts.
I mean it makes them look a little less legitimate for someone who might follow them.
But again that's not their main point their main point is to drive traffic to my main account.
One that I have them liking comments just because that's something I generally likes they like to see
accounts that are engaged with their followers and then the post settings I just have them set up so
it says reposte from that username and it's almost always innovation station because that's where it's
reposing from.
And I set my sources to innovations to Asia now sort of do is adding some of these ones like final tech
and futurism gadgets.
And then if you look at the repots settings I set them to only grab the popular ones.
So I'm not just constantly grabbing their whatever their latest post is and just reposting it I'm checking
to make sure that you know has a certain level of something on it.
What I'll probably end up doing is posting these settings once I settle on a stable build for the zombie
accounts so that you guys can just copy it not have to go through this trial and error effort.
It is really just a lot of tinkering honestly and even once I post whatever works for me it's only a
matter of me six months later it'll be different it'll still work.
But to optimize it you still have to tweak more and more.
OK so other than that not a whole lot going on with the zombies.
I've been running those I need to start doing some test to see how effective they are to see if they
are in fact actually driving traffic to me but that's something I'll do once I figure out a way to get
these phone validation stopping.
Now one thing that Jarvi just recently launched was something called the like exchange and what this
is is essentially like an engagement party you ever heard of those or have ever mentioned them.
It's where they just take over your account and at a certain period of time during the day they make
you like a bunch of posts from people who are in the exchange.
And then what essentially happens is I can have my zombies like a bunch of posts from other people in
the system and then build up credit and then use that credit to push likes towards my main account.
Now there's obviously better ways of doing this it could have a mix or so on my zombie's benefit and
some are giving to the system but I figured this is the simplest way of kind of funneling engagement
into innovation station and for the most part integrate and Instagram likes the engagement that comes
from us because they are real accounts.
And also because Cervi has control over the entire system they can constantly tweak it to make sure
it looks valid and they obviously spent a lot of time setting this up so that it's always random and
it's always changing and it never looks like some organized system.
So one of the reasons why this hasn't worked out obviously great is just because well the scheme these
ones just keep getting these phone validations what happens is I use burner.
And then all the validate them and then what ends up happening is maybe four or five days later it does
it again or maybe a week later.
So what might end up happening I think is I will switch to aged accounts and just rebuild them so they
don't have to deal with this new age accounts.
Basically their accounts are made a long time ago and they're pre phone verified and day you know because
they're older.
Instagram just assumes they give it a little more leeway with what you can do because they assume that
it's more likely to be real.
I haven't yet decided on a purchase purchaser like where I get to get them from there's account boxers
insta PVP.
I mean there's a bunch of them.
I'm just going to kind of figure out who's got the best rates and who for instance will help me revalidate
them in in the off chance that this doesn't work and I have to invalidate them anyway.
But that's what I'm exploring over the next I don't know a week or so and once I get those.
And then the zombies will kind of stabilize.
Now there's a couple other strategies I've yet to implement now.
Shout for shouts.
I did end up doing a show for show with someone.
Let's see if I can find the message with them.
This is going to end up happening was I attend thousand followers and this person had 10000 followers.
And so you know we did a shout for a show and it didn't really work that well.
The reason why is just because it's 10000 followers like a shout from a $10000 account even if you have
a really high engagement isn't going to give them a mountain.
Considering that I again on any given day 20 to 100 followers you know this maybe got me an extra 50
so it's not going to really kind of move the needle so I'm kind of moving the goalposts down farther
with Shelfer shouts I'm stressed from talking with bigger accounts.
There's always there's been talking about how.
No I usually do it around like 40 or 50 or even 100 so I'm going I'm going to play by ear and see how
that goes.
I think what is funny is a lot of people have actually started to reach out and ask to pay me to do
shouts business really.
How much for a promo.
Let's see this person are developing a free live translator and they would like to see if they can publish
something about us.
This person want to show it how this person I was just telling me something funny I guess.
Here's another one just curious what your shout out rates are.
So as you can see you know it's that's the way I wanted to monetize this account.
That's clearly an opportunity it's going to get better as the account gets larger.
I think also people like the way that we present the products we're covering so it makes them look good.
But anyway the person that did it with their account was tech formation.
I thought their stuff their posting was fine.
Like I actually kind of liked it and I thought it really fit with my site with what I was doing.
One problem though is just from looking at their account I didn't realize that they just didn't kind
of had the same demographics so their audience is primarily in India which is fine.
It's just that they're awake at a different time than my audience so if I'm posting during their time
then my audience isn't really awake and I really want to make sure that I focus all of my followers
in one time zone.
So anyway did that.
I'm going to wait on that a little bit.
I still have yet to do live giveaways.
I still get to do videos.
I haven't done story highlights yet that's another thing I could be doing.
I still have the story engine going pretty much every day it's at cild in a same thing top innovations
of the day.
And we go through it and you know for the most part every day maybe three or 400 people watch it all
which is good.
You know it usually brings them back now that we passed 10000.
Also this is nice.
Now you can swipe up and it will bring them to my account.
Obviously it's my account but I have to swipe up for more auction which is great.
OK.
And then obviously here when I look at my tags This is hardly an indication of how many zombies I have
running and this is sometimes when I know if there need to be phone belet because I just don't see as
many happening.
So all right growth has been pretty consistent.
I mean it's nothing super fast or surprising but at the same time I haven't touched this account in
several weeks.
So that's generally a good thing.
You know if I don't touch it it's going to grow at maybe three to four thousand a month.
If you want to be more aggressive You obviously got to spend more time.
So in this next week I'm going to work on getting these zombies running better and starting to work
on giveaways and live video and changing the source of some of the videos that I use ones that are already
pre validated.
Do well.
So anyway so that's what it's going to be.
And I'll check in.
I don't know when the next time I make a video probably in.
I'd say another week.
All right guys.
CNN.